this is kind of algorithm for tis program:
1. import necessary libs such as curses
2. stdscr :  wrapper gives us a screen so that standard screen is shown
3. we pass main function in wrapper function so that it can initialize all the stuff related to curses
4.we need to clear & refresh the screen so use stdscr.clear/ refresh function
5. getkey(): we need to see the output so we wait for user to press any key 
6.we need to define some colors for show in screen wrapper
7.in addstr(x,y) we pass the coordinates so that our string printed at the coordinates 
8.we define another function start_screen() to show initialization of our program to user
9.and call this function in main() 
10. define another functon wpm_test() to give the content to type and  show the speed of typing 
11. we use While loop to keep pressing the keys that are in content and append these keys to complete the sentences.
12.every single char user type is stored in list current_text[] 
and  we decare for loop in the while loop so that if the char is wrong then it display the redcolor.
13.and we constantly clear and refresh the screen every time while loop run
14. we add escape of the program
we check if user type esc key the program is quit& we ut this logic just after for loop
15 we also add some more keys like backspace means an element is popped out from the list we add this logic also wth above logic
16.we add a function display_text to display some important info like current text , target text, wpm, stdscr 
17. we use enumerate to count & for loop to print exact same amount of character in the content
we check length of the current txt and target text riht after checking for some extra keys such as  backspace or escape
18. we call this function in wpm_test function in while loop
19. we set a formulae for wpm calculation in while loop and it is calculating every time we hit any key 
20.we use try and except for taking care of exception thrown by get key in wpm function
21. if the use typed an finished the test we show a message for completion and ask for start again.
